the Strix 2.0 is aces his latest gaming
headset featuring 60 millimeter drivers
a Bing microphone and also an inline
microphone let's begin with design and
the design of the Strix 2.0 is quite
unique and it's unlike any other gaming
headset I've seen the headset is quite
large and comes in at 320 grams and yet
despite weighing this much they are very
comfortable to wear for long periods of
time this is partly due to the really
soft padding that is on the headset and
the part of the headset that rests on
your heads is not actually the mainframe
this helps it for your weightless the
ear cups are also extremely comfortable
and I think Asus have done a great job
on the padding on this headset it also
helps that this is an ovary a headset
which means that your ears won't be
hurting from the headset were resting on
your ears felt so long and also this
helps you become immersed in your game
or the music that you are listening to
another great design feature is that
this headset has a braided cable it may
not seem like much but I think a braided
cable is a lot nicer than a plastic or
rubber one and the fact that the cable
is braided helps it to become tangled
less and the longest cable you will find
to the microphone mute switch a volume
control and the inbuilt microphone but
I'm going to talk about the quality of
that microphone later the Strix 2.0
comes with a couple of accessories to
make sure your new headset will work
with almost any product on the market
one of them being the splitter cable
which I found myself using with my
computer as it has a microphone in port
and a headphone out port this
essentially means that you're not stuck
if your device can not do microphone in
and headphone out through the same port
this Trix 2.0 also comes with a
compatibility cable which does exactly
what it says you make sure that the
headset is compatible with older mobile
devices the sound quality is also very
good a strong bass and decent trebles a
sports large 60 millimeter drivers which
are making this all happen the Strix 2.0
is good for Skype because voice is a
good unclear as well as listening to
music because the sound quality is very
good sounds were also good on games such
as grunt after auto v on pc as was a
sense of sounds coming from multiple
directions not just left and right
despite the headphones not being branded
as surround headphones now moving on to
the microphone
inbuilt microphone does not sounds that
good at all it really sounded muffled
for me unto quiet tears all the time and
I would certainly not use it as my main
microphone as you can hear in the sound
sample here on the other hands the boom
microphone is a decent sounding
microphone for the headset and it picks
up my voice well it sounds really clear
you can also position it into a specific
position so it does not get in the way
of your face another bonus of the boom
microphone is that you can remove the
microphone for when you aren't using it
and there is one pot that I did pick up
with this and that is that when I say
pop or something the microphone would
pick up that P and it would not sound
good at all but you can hear the sound
sample of that here this is a sound
sample from the boom mic on the Strix
2.0 so overall these tricks to point I
was a great headset that provides great
audio quality for both games and music
listening and at an affordable cost a
link for this will be done in
description if you want to buy it and
you can also read the written review on
the website and I will also be linked
down below as well but that's it for
this video thanks for watching and I'll
see you in the next one
you